feature/cisco_dacl (#7466)
inverse-inc/packetfence: docs/network/networkdevice/cisco.asciidoc

image::cisco-downloadable-acl-force-dns.png[scaledwidth="100%",alt="Force DNS ACL"]

===== Downloadable ACLs

> Coming in IOS 15.2, Cisco switches supports Downloadable ACLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from IOS 15.2, Cisco switches supports Downloadable ACLs.
```

The size of the radius packet limit the number of ACLs a switch can receive from a single Access-Accept answer, so Cisco Switches supports Downloadable ACLs which mean that the RADIUS server will do multiples Access-Challenge to send the complete ACL.

> Use the Cisco::Catalyst_2960 switch module to use the DACLs method and use the same Global settings from the section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Cisco::Catalyst_2960 switch module to use the DACLs method and use the same Global settings as the 'Dynamic ACLs' section above.
```
